Introduce new modern icon pack style guide (#131)
eclipse-platform/ui-best-practices: eclipse-dual-tone-icon-pack/STYLE_GUIDE.md

> ## Eclipse Modern Icon Pack Style Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Eclipse Dual Tone Icon Pack Style Guide
```

> This style guide serves as an orientation for designing icons in the modern Eclipse icon pack. Its primary goal is to ensure visual consistency across all icons so they appear as part of a cohesive design system. The rules outlined here provide a solid foundation for icon creation and help maintain a unified look and feel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This style guide serves as an orientation for designing icons in the dual tone Eclipse icon pack. Its primary goal is to ensure visual consistency across all icons so they appear as part of a cohesive design system. The rules outlined here provide a solid foundation for icon creation and help maintain a unified look and feel.
```

| **Red**     | Error, alert, or stop (e.g., "Stop")             | `#C80000`       |
| **Orange**  | Interaction, Pause, Control                      | `#FF7F27`       |

For the color of the key-element of dual-toned icons see the color table in section **Specifications**. 
For the color of Overlay icons also see the color table in section **Specifications**.

---

### **Icon Sizes & Placement**

- The icon’s motive must be centered within the view area.
- The design should fully utilize the available space while maintaining balance and clarity.
- If full width and height cannot be used simultaneously, at least one of them should be fully utilized.

   <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e69066c1-d21c-492c-b1c4-7ec3d073e5ef" width="200"/>

### **Standard Icons**
- View area: **16x16 pixels**

### **Overlay Icons**
- View area: **8x7 pixels**
- Overlay icons must be **monochromatic colored** to ensure they remain distinguishable from the base icon.
- The color of Overlay icons should be chosen from the table in the section **Specifications**.

### **Wizard Icons**
- Standard size: **75x58 pixels**

---

> ### **Disabled Icon State**

Reviewer: do we need to draw them as now Eclipse Platform can render them on the fly?
